Beth places four whole ice cubes in a frying pan at the start of the first minute, then five at the start of the second minute and some more at the start of the third minute, but none in the fourth minute. If the average number of ice cubes per minute placed in the pan while it was frying a crispy egg was five, how many whole ice cubes can be found in the pan at the end of the third minute?
Peter needs CPR from his best friend Paul, the only person around. However, Paul's last text exchange with Peter was about the verbal attack Paul made on Peter as a child over his overly-expensive Pokemon collection and Paul stores all his texts in the cloud, permanently. Will Paul will help Peter?
If a sperm from species A is injected into an egg from species B and both species have the same number of chromosomes, what would be the main cause of the resulting zygote mortality?
Methylcyclopentadiene (which exists as a fluxional mixture of isomers) was allowed to react with methyl isoamyl ketone and a catalytic amount of pyrrolidine. A bright yellow, cross-conjugated polyalkenyl hydrocarbon product formed (as a mixture of isomers), with water as a side product. These products are derivatives of fulvene. This product was then allowed to react with ethyl acrylate in a 1:1 ratio. Upon completion of the reaction, the bright yellow color had disappeared. How many chemically distinct isomers make up the final product (not counting stereoisomers)?
Astronomers are studying a star with a Teff of approximately 6000 K. They are interested in spectroscopically determining the surface gravity of the star using spectral lines (EW < 100 mA) of two chemical elements, El1 and El2. Given the atmospheric temperature of the star, El1 is mostly in the neutral phase, while El2 is mostly ionized. Which lines are the most sensitive to surface gravity for the astronomers to consider?
What is React? Should I use it?
Please explain Python slots with code examples in the style of Aqua from Konosuba.
Can you recommend good open source games? They should have a good amount of text and localisation into multiple languages.
What's the best process maintaining a sourdough starter.